Bug 1588834: [aws-provider] Allow specifying additional userdata for AWS instances. (#1737)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/1588834.md

level: minor
reference: bug 1588834 
---

> * Allow specifying addtional userdata in AWS Provider worker pools.

Reviewer: [The changelog doc](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster/blob/master/dev-docs/best-practices/changelog.md) says "Write it in the present tense, as if the change had just been deployed."

```suggestion
AWS Provider worker pools now allow specifying additional userdata beyond that generated by the provider itself.
```
